Yang Fan be careful hey
It's late, all of you are the same.
Die for me
Yang Fan, I admit that you are very powerful, but
But what?
Ah!
So awesome
So
awesome
Ah!
Ah no prison lord how can you lose
Your fire field is not for me
It's over, it's over
Do you know what to do?
The ancestors of the Great Zhou
I, Zhou Tianyu
Unfilial?
Hahahaha
Zhou Wang abdicated
After today
Jiuding revival
Kyushu mountains and rivers are safe
Peace in the World
On the contrary, since Kyushu has stabilized
You can retrieve the scriptures
Ascension to immortality
Ask the Lord to retrieve the gold yuan
Please retrieve the gold yuan
Wait, how do I get it?
Haha, I'm afraid I have to marry the media.
Then you have to marry me too
Plus I happen to be a few months
Marry it.
Marry me, marry me too